Update GraphQL vs Apollo comparison (#9456)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/integration/ballerina-vs-apollo-for-graphql/code/apollo-graphql-bbe/cli-tool.md

---
title: "GraphQL CLI tool - An all-in-one tool for GraphQL"

> description: "Unleash the excitement with the Ballerina GraphQL CLI tool. Effortlessly generate custom GraphQL clients from schemas, accessing endpoints with ease. Seamlessly generate and share Ballerina GraphQL service schemas, facilitating collaboration and empowering efficient development workflows."

Reviewer: Still a bit superfluous, IMO.

> description: "Unleash the excitement with the Ballerina GraphQL CLI tool. Effortlessly generate custom GraphQL clients from schemas, accessing endpoints with ease. Seamlessly generate and share Ballerina GraphQL service schemas, facilitating collaboration and empowering efficient development workflows."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Discover the Ballerina GraphQL CLI tool. Easily generate custom GraphQL clients from schemas and access endpoints. Create and share Ballerina GraphQL service schemas to streamline collaboration and development workflows."
```
